Implement new commands `build` and `check` + introduce bundles (.contract files) (#97)
paritytech/cargo-contract: README.md

SUBCOMMANDS:
    new                  Setup and create a new smart contract project
    build                Compiles the contract, generates metadata, bundles both together in a '.contract' file

>     check                Check that the Wasm builds; does not optimize, generate metadata, or bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    check                Check that the code builds as wasm; does not output any build artifact to the top level `target/` directory.
```

This statement is of course only true if we prevent copying stuff to the top level `target/` dir on "check".

>     check                Check that the code builds as Wasm; does not output any build artifact to the top level `target/` directory

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should mention that this step also deploys (or will deploy) some custom checks that we implement on top besides just making sure that things compile for Wasm.

Author: I agree, but would only add it once we actually have some checks on top.
